[Music]
hi
all right together so I'm going to be
showing you how to make good Greek food
we start with some Ziggy or if you want
to say in Greek when judging be really
simple get your over the simple top and
a greater part if you come back
really lovely summery put it on wheat
bread
you put it in cut out very best dish put
your best offensive one get all the
water out as much as possible because
otherwise the your it gets too watery
and it's not so nice you want to have a
nice thick consistency here is Greek
style yogurt you can use probably okay
if you want this all to you my mom and
saying use proper Greek yogurt but I'm
now gonna add about teaspoon thick
teaspoon of sugar because they ought to
be a little bit bitter so you want to
sugar just to sweeten up nice bit of
black pepper
stop two tablespoons of olive oil and
then two cloves of garlic you can use
one if you don't like garlic so much we
use three if you want to really God keep
up to you in a car crusher and then I'm
now gonna add some freshly chopped mint
you can use dried mint if you want and
some people say actually gonna spend a
drag mint but I like your freshly
[Music]
then just to make it look